## Smart Contract
Same contract as Ballot1

### Contents

```
User Interface UI (.html)
```
```
Smart Contract(.sol)
```
```
Blockchain Backend
```

### Structure of a complete dApp

```
- build
  - .json files, build artifacts generated by compiler process
- contracts
  - .sol, contains solidity contract files
- migrations
  - contains migration script files
- node_modules
  - contains node.js module files
- src
  - js
  - css
  - html files
  - web assets
- test
  - contains test scripts files
- truffle-config.js
  - includes configuration information  
```

> src > js > app.js

This file instantiate the objects needed for the web client to communicate with the blockchain node.
  - > First, we need to expose the blockchain accounts created through web3 provider object of the app.
  - > Second, we need to tell the web3 where to find the smart contract artifacts. 


### Steps involved in this demo

- [x] Create a directory ; initialize for various components of the dapp using "**truffle init**"
- [x] npm packages install ; added node_modules directory "**npm i**"
- [x] Create the contracts .sol files in the contracts directory. Compile using "**truffle compile**"
- [x] Generate the test blockchain accounts using "**truffle develop**"
- [x] Deploy the compiled contracts to test blockchain "**truffle migrate --reset**"
- [x] Start the light weight server node on development environment "**npm run dev**"
- [x] Add the test files for testing the functions of the contracts "**truffle test**"

### Metamask

In order to access different blockchain accounts generated using truffle develop, and perform operations using those accounts we need a web3 wallet to hold address of those transactions and balances.
There are other operations we can perform through web3 wallet, but for this demo we are using only for voting.  

There are many web3 wallet available in the market but to start we are using Metamask. Download it from [here](https://metamask.io/download/).

> Key things about web3 wallet (Metamask)
- Metamask is a bridge between our blockchain server and the web.
- Metamask is like a digital wallet that provides features to connect to the underlying blockchain node, and manage accounts, gas points for transactions and the balances.
- Metamask also provides a simple interface to sign the transaction and transfer gas points needed for the execution of the transactions.
